
		    Petidomo Mailing List Manager
			  Version 2.2 beta 2


Greetings citizen,

I know how  tedious reading "manuals"  is when you're eager to install
the new  software,  so  I'll keep  it   as short as  possible.  Before
Petidomo can  be   installed, either  from  a   binary or  a    source
distribution, you -must- do the following:

 1) Create a user of the name "petidomo".

    The petidomo-user is needed by the software,  but will usually not
    be used to  log into  the system,  so you should  set the password
    entry   to   "*"  and  the  login   shell   to "/usr/bin/true"  or
    "/sbin/nologin" -- depending on what your system uses.


 2) Create a group of the name "petidomo".

    This group should contain all users of your system who are allowed
    to  administrate Petidomo or for  other reasons need access to the
    installation. The  "petidomo" user  should be   a member  of  this
    group, too, even though this is not strictly necessary.


 3) Create the home directory of the "petidomo" user.

    The home directory  is the place  where  the package will  live. A
    good  place   is "/usr/local/petidomo",   but   you  can  place it
    wherever it suits your installation.


Once  the user, the  group and  the directory  exist, you can  use the
following mechanisms to do the actual installation.

If you're upgrading  from  Petidomo 2.0 and  have  some  mailing lists
installed  already, you  can safely use   these mechanisms, too. In no
event  will the installation procedure  overwrite your config files or
change anything except for the actual binaries.

The installation itself works as follows:

 Binary distribution:

    Become 'root' and   start  the "install.sh" script,  which  can be
    found in the same directory as this file. install.sh will populate
    the home  directory of the  petidomo user and  insert the required
    mail  aliases  into  /etc/aliases.  Then  it will install  the CGI
    config manager and that's it: Petidomo is ready to run.


 Source distribution:

    Obviously you  need to compile the sources  first of all. In order
    to compile Petidomo, you will need the following tools:

     - a C compiler, preferably gcc or egcs

     - a  version of   make(1)  that  understands   the "include"  and
       ".PHONY" statement (use GNU make if your native make doesn't)

     - flex, the GNU version of lex

     - bison, the  GNU version of yacc,  at least version  1.25. Older
       version -might- work,  but I had   problems with them,  because
       they're lacking the YYERROR_VERBOSE mechanism.

    If  you have all  these tools,  you can  compile Petidomo with the
    following commands:

      $ make
      $ make install      (must be done as root)


In  case you experience any  problems  you're not  able to fix, you're
welcome to file a problem report  with the "send-pr" utility, included
in  the distribution.   You   might  also  want    to check out    the
petidomo-users mailing list, to which  you can subscribe by sending  a
SUBSCRIBE command to the following address:

   petidomo-users-request@petidomo.com

Okay, I hope you'll find the Petidomo Mailing List Manager useful, and
may the force be with you!


                                    Peter Simons <simons@petidomo.com>
